welcome to another episode of movie
spoiler alerts today we'll be talking
about the 1997 film the lost world
Jurassic Park the second film in the
Jurassic Park series so let's get
started the film takes place four years
after the events of the first movie and
begins with Peter Ludlow John Hammonds
nephew gaining control of his uncle's
financially struggling company in djenne
Hammond context Ian Malcolm the
mathematician from the first film to
have him and a team go to the island of
Isla Sorna and abandon Island where the
dinosaurs were originally grown other
members of the team include an engineer
named Eddie car a video documentarian
named Nick van Owen and Malcolm's
girlfriend Sara once arriving to the
island it is revealed that Malcolm's
daughter Kelly has snuck aboard the trip
as well on the island there is a heavy
mercenary presence hired by Ludlow in
order to capture various dinosaurs the
leader of the mercenaries decides to try
to go after a male Tyrannosaurus Rex and
luring it out with an injured baby t-rex
while trying to capture the baby t-rex
Sarah and Nick let the captured
dinosaurs out which destroys the
mercenaries camp during this they take
the infant t-rex to a trailer to mend
its broken leg however the injured t-rex
is cries attract two adult t-rexes
causing their trailer to be attacked and
destroyed but everyone makes it out okay
eventually the two adults here X's catch
up to the main group again where the
mercenary leader is able to tranquilize
one of them while fleeing from the other
t-rex the main group of heroes and some
mercenaries are attacked by
velociraptors the main group escapes
radios for rescue and they leave the
island via helicopter the triangle eyes
t-rex is brought via freighter to the
mainland which ends up crashing into the
dock after the entire crew has been
killed the t-rex is accidentally led out
and is now running rampant in the city
of San Diego using the injured infant
t-rex they are able to lure the adult
t-rex back in
sure it both t-rex's are returned back
to Isla Sorna thus concluding the film
so that was the spoilers for the lost
world Jurassic Park if you have a film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below check out
movie's spoiler alerts on the various
forms of social media listed below and
remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching